<?xml version="1.0"?>
<rss xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" version="2.0">
  <channel>
    <title>CKAN: Ticket Query</title>
    <link>http://localhost/query?status=assigned&amp;status=new&amp;status=accepted&amp;status=reopened&amp;component=ckan&amp;milestone=ckan+2.0&amp;group=status&amp;order=time</link>
    <description>The open source data portal software</description>
    <language>en-US</language>
    <image>
      <title>CKAN</title>
      <url>http://assets.okfn.org/p/ckan/img/ckan_logo_shortname.png</url>
      <link>http://localhost/query?status=assigned&amp;status=new&amp;status=accepted&amp;status=reopened&amp;component=ckan&amp;milestone=ckan+2.0&amp;group=status&amp;order=time</link>
    </image>
    <generator>Trac 0.12.3</generator>
    <item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/1171</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/1171</guid>
        <title>#1171: Citation instructions on dataset and resource view pages</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 01 Jun 2011 09:33:19 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>dread</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Some sort of citation helper. Something small on the dataset and resource page that would show how to cite.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
wwaites: Some related thoughts on this from opb: &lt;a class="ext-link" href="http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/opb/papers/ssdbm2006.pdf"&gt;&lt;span class="icon"&gt;​&lt;/span&gt;http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/opb/papers/ssdbm2006.pdf&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
timclicks: I'm looking at Dataverse for the first time&lt;a class="missing changeset" title="No default repository defined"&gt;[0]&lt;/a&gt;. It seems very popular in the social sciences. I noticed that there is a recommended citation for each dataset. For example, &lt;a class="missing changeset" title="No default repository defined"&gt;[1]&lt;/a&gt; is has this one: "Targeted Input Programme (TIP) 2000-01", &lt;a class="ext-link" href="http://hdl.handle.net/1902.1/SSC-MWI-TIP2000-01-M1"&gt;&lt;span class="icon"&gt;​&lt;/span&gt;http://hdl.handle.net/1902.1/SSC-MWI-TIP2000-01-M1&lt;/a&gt; V1 [Version]"
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;h2 id="Implementation"&gt;Implementation&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Add a small box at bottom of dataset / resource page (or in sidebar on dataset page) with title "Cite this" with contents like:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
%title. %author. Retrieved %date. %site_title.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
For resource: %title = %dataset_title. %resource_name.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Could also add export to ref managers (e.g. to bibtex) but that is for later.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/1171#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2329</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2329</guid>
        <title>#2329: Add back in RSS/Atom links on relevant pages</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 26 Apr 2012 12:15:40 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>rgrp</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
E.g. on dataset page, on revision page, on user page and on search results.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2329#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2654</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2654</guid>
        <title>#2654: UI support for ordering groups on group_read page</title>
        <pubDate>Tue, 10 Jul 2012 18:11:31 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>ross</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
The group_index page has no support in WUI for ordering the groups displayed. Should allow sorting by name
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Add support for this for datahub now, and discuss for new 1.9 UI
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2654#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2956</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2956</guid>
        <title>#2956: Allow for resource editing in CKAN 2.0</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 03 Oct 2012 15:11:40 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>johnmartin</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
On the edit dataset page... there needs to be a way for users to be able to see all the resources associated to the dataset and edit them individually.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2956#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2961</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2961</guid>
        <title>#2961: Preview plugin endpoint</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 08 Oct 2012 11:39:27 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>dominik</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Users could write ckan extensions that offer previews for a certain datatype.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Advantages:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;We can say that you can add your own previews
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Every preview would have to define it's own dependencies
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;External development (community creates new extensions?)
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Questions to answer:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Specification of the interface
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Precedence of previews for the same data types
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Plugins only define the datatype that they are responsible for or do we call a function that returns whether the extension is responsible.
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;p&gt;
As far as I can see, this should be fairly easy to implement by following these instructions: &lt;a class="ext-link" href="http://docs.ckan.org/en/latest/writing-extensions.html#writing-a-plugin-interface"&gt;&lt;span class="icon"&gt;​&lt;/span&gt;http://docs.ckan.org/en/latest/writing-extensions.html#writing-a-plugin-interface&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2961#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2831</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2831</guid>
        <title>#2831: Create a limited subset of markdown that's supported</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 09 Aug 2012 11:41:07 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>aron.carroll</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Allowing people to use the full range of markdown results in extremely messy output across the site. I'd suggest limiting support to only a subset of common use cases.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Allow all inline elements, this allows bold, italic, code and links.
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Allow lists.
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Disallow
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Horizontal Rules
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Headings
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Block quote and code (this may turn out to be useful and so could be included)
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;p&gt;
This way you get markdowns paragraph handling and a few inline styles without breaking the entire layout of the page.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Here's the full syntax if anyone is interested &lt;a class="ext-link" href="http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax"&gt;&lt;span class="icon"&gt;​&lt;/span&gt;http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2831#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2886</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2886</guid>
        <title>#2886: Configurable related items</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 22 Aug 2012 08:55:18 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>ross</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Related items (Apps &amp;amp; Ideas) have a collection of types, which are currently fixed.  Some of these types are ambiguous, such as ideas in that they may not have a link - and if they do it is likely to be to a blog post - another existing type.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Whilst the URL is required, and we think this should stay required, we should also allow users to change the types found in Apps &amp;amp; Ideas to a shortened list that suits their requirements.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2886#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2902</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2902</guid>
        <title>#2902: genshi is used in Group controller</title>
        <pubDate>Tue, 04 Sep 2012 18:10:30 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>ross</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
The Group controller uses the genshi module where it may be better for it to use Markup() in the template.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
See &lt;a class="ext-link" href="https://github.com/okfn/ckan/pull/117/files#r1524863"&gt;&lt;span class="icon"&gt;​&lt;/span&gt;https://github.com/okfn/ckan/pull/117/files#r1524863&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2902#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2913</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2913</guid>
        <title>#2913: IGroupForm has package_form() method</title>
        <pubDate>Tue, 11 Sep 2012 14:45:39 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Should be group_form() I think
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2913#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2915</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2915</guid>
        <title>#2915: Refactor form_to_db_schema_options()</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 12 Sep 2012 10:37:49 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Having two methods form_to_db_schema(self) and form_to_db_schema_options(self, options) seems unnecessary, why not just have form_to_db_schema(self, options=None)?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Fixing this might break existing extensions although I don't think any are using form_to_db_schema_options() so it should be okay.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
The same thing goes for db_to_form_schema_options().
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Also why are we passing a dict 'options' that always contains the same three keys 'api', 'context' and 'type'? Why not three params api=None, contenxt=None, type=None?
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2915#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2917</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2917</guid>
        <title>#2917: Organization admins can delete themselves</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 12 Sep 2012 12:10:43 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>ross</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Organization administrators can delete themselves from the user management pages.  We should disable this on the front-end as well as the back-end.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2917#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2920</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2920</guid>
        <title>#2920: Genshi text template message extractor no longer needed?</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 13 Sep 2012 09:57:29 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
In setup.py, do we still need:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
('templates/&lt;strong&gt;.txt', 'genshi', {
&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
'template_class': 'genshi.template:TextTemplate'
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
}),
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
in message_extractors? Doesn't like there are any txt files in there
anymore.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2920#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2921</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2921</guid>
        <title>#2921: Add docstring to top of lib/extract.py file</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 13 Sep 2012 10:00:07 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
I think it couldn't hurt for this module to have a docstring at the top
of the file explaining what the module is for. I know from setup.py that
it's there to provide the extract_ckan() string extractor function for
Babel, but I think looking at the file on its own it's not so obvious.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Also a couple of other small fixes:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
jinja2_cleaner looks like a helper function only meant to be used by
extract_ckan(), might make things clearer if it was called
_jinja2_cleaner(), just so it doesn't look like a public function the
module wants to export.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
jinja_extensions seems to be a module-level variable that is only used
in one function, could be moved into the function, unless you think
there might be more functions that want it in future.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2921#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2922</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2922</guid>
        <title>#2922: Better docstring for CKANInternationalizationExtension</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 13 Sep 2012 10:01:47 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
I'm unsure about what's going on here. As I understand it, when we run
&lt;tt&gt;python setup.py extract_messages&lt;/tt&gt; it's going to use the extract_ckan()
function from ckan/lib/extract.py to process the HTML files. For the
HTML files that are jinja2 templates, extract_ckan() will call
jinja2_cleaner() which will call regularise_html() on the strings.  So
the strings are regularised when they are extracted from the source
files.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
But then we have the parse() method of &lt;a class="missing wiki"&gt;CkanInternationalizationExtension?&lt;/a&gt;
also calling regularise_html(). I don't get what's happening here. Why
do the strings need to be regularised twice?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
My guess is that &lt;a class="missing wiki"&gt;CkanInternationalizationExtension?&lt;/a&gt; is used when the
strings are extracted from the templates at runtime, and they need to be
regularised at this time in order to match them against the regularised
strings in the mo files to find the translations to output?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Maybe &lt;a class="missing wiki"&gt;CkanInternationalizationExtension?&lt;/a&gt; needs a better docstring saying
what it does?
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2922#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2923</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2923</guid>
        <title>#2923: Change regularise -&gt; regularize</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 13 Sep 2012 10:03:02 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
The function is called regularise_html(), can't remember what file it's in.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2923#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2924</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2924</guid>
        <title>#2924: Better docs for trans js command, and add to release process</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 13 Sep 2012 10:04:31 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Add a better docstring to for trans js command explaining what it does and why, and how to use it.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Also add this command to the CKAN Release Process as it's needed there
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2924#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2925</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2925</guid>
        <title>#2925: Remove trans mangle paster command?</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 13 Sep 2012 10:06:08 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Is &lt;tt&gt;trans mangle&lt;/tt&gt; really necessary? If you upload a pot file to
Transifex, it can generate a po file for you with 100% strings
translated into a fictional pseudo language where everything is really
long strings of unicode characters. I found this worked well for
coverage testing, and also tests handling of unicode and long strings
all over the place.
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2925#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2926</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2926</guid>
        <title>#2926: I*Form tests for per-type templates</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 13 Sep 2012 16:01:21 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Finish the tests for the per-package-type custom template support in IPackageForm, IGroupForm and IOrganizationForm (i.e. the new_template(), read_template() etc. methods).
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
The new way that template inheritance works in jinja looks like it should allow this to be tested nicely without duplicating entire templates in the example extensions.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2926#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2927</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2927</guid>
        <title>#2927: Test new package/group/organization type URLs support</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 13 Sep 2012 16:02:33 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
IPackageForm, IGroupForm and IOrganizationForm allow you to define e.g. new package types with new top-level URLs, but the example extensions don't have tests for this yet.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2927#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2928</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2928</guid>
        <title>#2928: Run CKAN tests with example_i*form extensions enabled</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 13 Sep 2012 16:05:34 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Before releasing CKAN 2.0 we need to run all the CKAN tests with a modified test-core.ini with the example_idatasetform, example_igroupform and example_iorganizationform plugins enabled. If any tests fail, fix the bugs. This needs to be done for each release so add it to the release process.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2928#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2929</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2929</guid>
        <title>#2929: Remove is_fallback() from I*Form extension interfaces?</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 13 Sep 2012 16:09:57 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
If a plugin wants to take over the default package type for example, it can return &lt;a class="missing wiki"&gt;dataset?&lt;/a&gt; from its package_types() method. I don't see how there can be a package type that is not the default 'package' and is not returned by the package_types() method of a plugin, because the URLs for such a package type would not be mapped. Am I missing something or is is_fallback() not needed?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Same for IGroupForm and IOrganizationForm
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2929#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2931</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2931</guid>
        <title>#2931: Better docstring for app_globals.py</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 17 Sep 2012 14:13:14 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
&lt;strong&gt; The application's Globals object &lt;/strong&gt; is not very informative.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2931#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2932</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2932</guid>
        <title>#2932: Add docstring to system_info.py</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 17 Sep 2012 14:50:29 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
What is the system_info table for? It looks like a way to override config file settings in the database, perhaps so that admins can use a web interface to change site title etc. Could do with a docstring explaining the intended purpose of the table.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2932#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2933</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2933</guid>
        <title>#2933: Update theming docs</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 17 Sep 2012 15:21:12 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
There's quite a lot of custom stuff going on, with all the custom jinja extensions, and the use of Fanstatic plus custom fanstatic extensions. People who are new to CKAN wanting to write CKAN themes are likely to be confused. I think the whole lot could do with documentation, maybe in the Theming and Customizing chapter in the sphinx docs.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
I suggest completely replacing the contents of doc/theming.rst, and putting a 'legacy theming' link at the bottom linking to a doc/legacy_theming.rst file with the old contents.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2933#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2951</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2951</guid>
        <title>#2951: Paster command for building css from less</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 01 Oct 2012 19:12:20 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>icmurray</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
With the latest template, css and js changes in 2.0, there are a number of things that need preparation prior to a production deployment. One of these is:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;the less files should be compiled to css (main.css, not just main.debug.css)
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;p&gt;
This ticket is to provide a paster command which will compile the .less into the main.css file.  The idea of the paster command is that it will be run by developers, and they will check in the resulting .css files.  It will also provide a convenient mechanism for production scenarios with node.js installed on the production server, as they will be able to compile the .less there as well.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
## Background
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
The .css files that need to be served are built using &lt;tt&gt;less&lt;/tt&gt;.  The css files that are generated *are* checked-in to the repo; but they are a build artifact.  So the general workflow is:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;commit changes to the less files
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;build the main.css file and commit
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;p&gt;
This paster command slots into the above workflow for convenience.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
## Notes
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;doc/frontend-development.rst
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;bin/less
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;p&gt;
to run this paster command, &lt;tt&gt;Node&lt;/tt&gt; will be required.  So that dependency should be checked.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
## The paster command
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
This is the proposed behaviour of the paster command:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;ensure &lt;tt&gt;custom.less&lt;/tt&gt; does not exist
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;for each colour in{fuchsia,green,maroon,red}:
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;generate a &lt;tt&gt;custom.less&lt;/tt&gt; file for $colour.  There's a paster command that does this already: `paster color &amp;lt;color name&amp;gt;.
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;generate the &lt;tt&gt;css&lt;/tt&gt; from the &lt;tt&gt;less&lt;/tt&gt; files.  ie - the equivelant of running &lt;tt&gt;bin/less --production&lt;/tt&gt;.
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;this will generate a &lt;tt&gt;main.css&lt;/tt&gt; file, which should be renamed to &lt;tt&gt;$color.css&lt;/tt&gt;.
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;ensure &lt;tt&gt;custom.less&lt;/tt&gt; does not exist
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;generate the &lt;tt&gt;css&lt;/tt&gt; from the &lt;tt&gt;less&lt;/tt&gt; files.  This will create a &lt;tt&gt;main.css&lt;/tt&gt; with the default colour scheme.
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;call the paster command that minifies css and js files.  (This command does not exist yet, see &lt;a class="closed ticket" href="http://localhost/ticket/2950" title="requirement: paster command to minify javascript and css (closed: fixed)"&gt;#2950&lt;/a&gt;)
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2951#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2952</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2952</guid>
        <title>#2952: incorporate javascriopt translations into translations workflow</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 01 Oct 2012 19:15:45 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>icmurray</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
There are now javascript translations.  There's a paster command, &lt;tt&gt;trans js&lt;/tt&gt;.  This is a ticket to ensure that using &lt;tt&gt;trans js&lt;/tt&gt; is documented in the normal ckan translation workflow (which is followed after a feature freeze, prior to release).  And to see if there's any need for further incorporation into the current translation process.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2952#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2959</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2959</guid>
        <title>#2959: Changing a Group's name through the action api disassociates it from its datasets in the index</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 04 Oct 2012 15:18:55 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>icmurray</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Repro:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Create a new Group, named "test-group".
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add a dataset to it.
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Verify the dataset belongs to the group by visiting the Group's read-page
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Update the Group through the action api (group_update), using the uid in the "id" field, and a new name in the "name" field.
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Visit the group's read-page.  The list of datasets will be empty.
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;p&gt;
This was an issue when editing a Group through the web interface, which was fixed in &lt;a class="missing changeset" title="No default repository defined"&gt;[1]&lt;/a&gt;.  However it only fixes the issue in the group controller.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
&lt;a class="missing changeset" title="No default repository defined"&gt;[1]&lt;/a&gt; &lt;a class="ext-link" href="https://github.com/okfn/ckan/commit/dbe25d8b8d7fabfc40c5d794a920b91cec349335"&gt;&lt;span class="icon"&gt;​&lt;/span&gt;https://github.com/okfn/ckan/commit/dbe25d8b8d7fabfc40c5d794a920b91cec349335&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2959#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2964</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2964</guid>
        <title>#2964: Last organization admin can remove herself</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:14:18 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
If you are the only admin of an organization you can edit the organization's members and demote yourself, then the org has no admins and no one (except sysadmins maybe) can edit it.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Last admin should not be able to remove or demote herself.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Also applies to groups.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2964#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2966</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2966</guid>
        <title>#2966: 'Add' button text is wrong when editing organization members</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:15:49 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
e.g. if I just changed a member's capacity I am not adding anything 'save' is better maybe
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2966#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2967</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2967</guid>
        <title>#2967: Organization members edit page reloads after demoting self</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:17:07 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Edit an organizations members page and demote yourself from organization admin, after saving the members edit page reloads even though you are no longer an admin and should no longer be able to access this page.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2967#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2968</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2968</guid>
        <title>#2968: Anyone can access organization members page</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:19:15 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
The button will not show if you are not authorized but browse to /organization/members/foo and you can edit the members, it does stop you when you try to save your changes, but you shouldn't be able to get to the page at all
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2968#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2969</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2969</guid>
        <title>#2969: Group members page 500s</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:20:54 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
The group members page (e.g. /group/members/roger) seems broken, IDs instead of user names are shown for the members, and clicking on a member 500s
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2969#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2970</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2970</guid>
        <title>#2970: Organization and group member links use id not name</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:22:11 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
e.g. it the 'Members' button links to /organization/members/0a44... instead of /organization/members/foobar
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2970#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2971</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2971</guid>
        <title>#2971: "Are ytou sure you want to delete this member?" should say which member</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:27:20 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
when deleting members from groups and orgs
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2971#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2972</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2972</guid>
        <title>#2972: Remove any imports of authz.py and delete file</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:37:22 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
it is no longer used
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2972#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2973</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2973</guid>
        <title>#2973: Move new_authz.py into logic/auth/__init__.py</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:39:05 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Makes sense to keep all auth stuff under logic/auth.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Also decide which functions from new_authz.pu should be marked private with _.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Also decide which functions from new_authz.py are really helpers for the auth functions in get.py, update.py and delete.py, and should maybe moved to another file, e.g. logic/auth/helpers.py
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2973#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2974</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2974</guid>
        <title>#2974: General of all auth functions</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:40:12 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Toby:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
A general cleanup of all auth functions (in logic/auth) to check their fitness, error messages, etc.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2974#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2975</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2975</guid>
        <title>#2975: Tests for auth functions and new actions</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:41:00 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Toby: tests around the auth functions and new actions - probably needs an improved testing mechanism and things like test data creation on via actions
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2975#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2976</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2976</guid>
        <title>#2976: Polish group and organization member pages</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:41:49 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Toby: A little polish to the member pages and probably a little hardening of
the controller and logic actions
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2976#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2977</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2977</guid>
        <title>#2977: Fix user autocomplete on group and organization member pages</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:42:29 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Toby: @johnmartin the user autocomplete on
member add needs fixing it gets data but does not understand what to do
with it
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2977#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2978</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2978</guid>
        <title>#2978: Tests for permissions for organizations and groups</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:43:26 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Toby: checking the logic around the who can do what from the user stories -
via some tests may be a good approach
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2978#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2979</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2979</guid>
        <title>#2979: Requesting membership to groups and organizations</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:44:04 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Toby: The requesting membership user stories and implementation remain needed
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2979#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2981</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2981</guid>
        <title>#2981: Remove config from jinja templates</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:46:00 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Toby: remove the config from jinja2 templates get all such stuff via g. (before 2.0)
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2981#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2982</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2982</guid>
        <title>#2982: Move functionality from controllers into template helpers</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:46:42 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Toby: strip more functionality from controllers and add via template helpers
eg activity streams
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2982#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2983</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2983</guid>
        <title>#2983: Refactor lib/base.py to remove circular import issues</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:47:24 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Toby: c) refactor lib/base.py to remove the circular import issues (render
functions to lib/render.py - would fix much of that)
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2983#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2984</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2984</guid>
        <title>#2984: Auto-populate context with user, model, session, etc.</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:48:21 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Toby: make the context auto-populated with things like user/model/session if
not user supplied - especially for extensions (pre 2.0) maybe via a helper
or else a decorator on the action - helper seems nicer maybe done via
get_action()
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2984#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2985</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2985</guid>
        <title>#2985: Make lib/helpers.py more template-specific</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:49:48 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Toby: make lib/helpers more template specific and less generally shared with
none template uses (some functions are shared but many shouldn't be) -
again help avoid circular imports
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2985#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2986</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2986</guid>
        <title>#2986: Make lib/base.py more like it was originally intended</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:50:45 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Toby: make lib/base.py be more like it was originally intended eg defines
stuff that is shared eg _ but maybe try to include stuff like
render/get_action if the circular import stuff can be solved - which should
be doable if hard and likely needs an extra file or two for the externals _
etc
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2986#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2987</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2987</guid>
        <title>#2987: Remove all direct calls to logic action and auth functions</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 10:51:27 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Toby
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2987#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2988</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2988</guid>
        <title>#2988: UI functional tests for CKAN 2.0</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 11:02:15 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Afaik the new CKAN 2.0 frontend has no functional tests
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2988#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2989</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2989</guid>
        <title>#2989: "Add dataset to organization" should auto-select the organization</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 11:04:12 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
'Add dataset to organization' button, when you get through to the third stage of the new dataset form the organization you came from is not selected.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
I don't see any option to choose the group when adding or updating a dataset, but if I add a dataset via the "Add dataset to group" button on a group's page, then the dataset seems to get added to that group. (And I can also add/remove existing datasets by editing the group.) I wonder if organizations should work the same way, instead of having an Organization drop-down when creating or updating a dataset. The add dataset page needs to somehow indicate that you're adding a dataset to a certain group or organization though, doesn't currently.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2989#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2990</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2990</guid>
        <title>#2990: Fix descriptions of groups and organizations on /groups and /organizations pages</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 15 Oct 2012 11:04:51 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description></description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2990#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2991</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2991</guid>
        <title>#2991: Add blocks to header.html template</title>
        <pubDate>Tue, 16 Oct 2012 11:10:20 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Currently if you want to customise the header.html template you have to copy the whole thing, it isn't broken up into blocks like other templates are.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2991#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2993</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2993</guid>
        <title>#2993: "logged_in" and "visitor" show in user list at /users</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 17 Oct 2012 09:42:02 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description></description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2993#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2994</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2994</guid>
        <title>#2994: Add dataset and user popovers throughout the site</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 17 Oct 2012 14:26:04 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
If you hover the mouse over a dataset or user in an activity stream, you now get a popover with some info about that dataset or user and a follow/unfollow button.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
These popovers should appear wherever datasets or users are listed, throughout the site.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2994#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2995</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2995</guid>
        <title>#2995: Popovers for resources, groups, organizations, tags...</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 17 Oct 2012 14:27:21 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
If you hover the mouse over a dataset or user in an activity stream, you now get a popover with some info about that dataset or user and a follow/unfollow button.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
It would be nice to add similar popovers for other types of object in CKAN, e.g. resources, groups, organizations, tags...
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2995#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2996</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2996</guid>
        <title>#2996: Fix behaviour of View Profile button in user popover when already on user's profile</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 17 Oct 2012 14:30:38 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
The user popovers that appear when you hover the mouse over a user in an activity stream include a View Profile button that takes you to that user's profile page. If you are already on that user's profile page then it simply reloads the same page, but it sends you to the Datasets tab if you were on another tab.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Possible solutions:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Don't show button if already on user's page?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Button just makes popover disappear, if already on user's page?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Button does reload the page, but reloads the same tab (datasets, followers, activity stream) that you were on.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Marking this low priority
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2996#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2997</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2997</guid>
        <title>#2997: Add activity streams to dataset pages</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 17 Oct 2012 14:31:46 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Add an activity stream tab to dataset pages, like we have on user profile pages. Dataset activity streams are already implemented in the backend.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2997#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2998</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2998</guid>
        <title>#2998: Add activity streams to group pages</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 17 Oct 2012 14:33:14 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Before we do this we should implement smarter group activity streams (i.e. what activities should appear in a group's activity stream?) and following of groups.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2998#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/2999</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/2999</guid>
        <title>#2999: Add activity streams to organization pages</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 17 Oct 2012 14:34:17 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Before we do this we need to merge the organizations branch into master, we need to implement smarter activity streams for organizations, and we need to implement following of organizations.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/2999#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/3000</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/3000</guid>
        <title>#3000: Add number of followers to dataset pages</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 17 Oct 2012 14:36:00 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
User profile pages now show some interesting stats about the user: num. datasets, num. edits and num. followers. Would be nice to add some similar info to dataset pages. At least num. followers can be done (already implemented in backend).
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/3000#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/3001</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/3001</guid>
        <title>#3001: Multilingual plugin crashes CKAN on add dataset when some languages are default</title>
        <pubDate>Thu, 18 Oct 2012 16:50:48 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Enable the multilingual plugins:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
ckan.plugins = stats synchronous_search multilingual_dataset multilingual_group multilingual_tag
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
and set your default language to one not supported by the multilingual plugin, e.g.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
ckan.locale_default = cs_CZ
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
now run CKAN and try to add a dataset:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
File '/home/seanh/Projects/ckan171/ckan/ckanext/multilingual/plugin.py', line 141 in before_index
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
text_field_items&lt;a class="missing wiki"&gt;+ default_lang?&lt;/a&gt;.extend(all_terms)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
&lt;a class="missing wiki"&gt;KeyError?&lt;/a&gt;: 'text_cs_CZ'
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
It doesn't matter what language you are viewing the site in in your browser, the default language setting in the ini file determines whether it crashed or not.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
A number of supported languages are defined at the top of ckanext/multilingual/plugin.py. I think if the default language is not one of these it crashes.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
I think this affects all versions of CKAN since the multilingual plugin was added so at least 1.7, 1.8 and 2.0
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/3001#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/3005</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/3005</guid>
        <title>#3005: Add following/unfollowing of groups: model, API, frontend, tests</title>
        <pubDate>Tue, 23 Oct 2012 17:35:44 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description></description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/3005#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/3007</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/3007</guid>
        <title>#3007: Adding a dataset creates multiple activities</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 29 Oct 2012 13:15:07 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Adding a new dataset creates multiple activity stream activities, e.g. seanh created the dataset foo, seanh add the resource bar to the dataset foo, and seanh updated the dataset foo are all created when I add a new dataset. I wonder if these can be collapsed into a single activity.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/3007#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/3010</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/3010</guid>
        <title>#3010: Pin images don't appear in data explorer</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 31 Oct 2012 17:45:06 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
When minified files are in use (set debug = false in ini file) the pin images for points don't show up in the data explorer map view when viewing a resource with geolocation data.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
set debug = true will fix the problem by using unminified files instead but also turns on a bunch of debug stuff you wouldn't want on a production site.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
middleware.py, around line 73, is where the decision to turn minified files on or off based on the debug setting is made. This can be hacked on a production site to run with unminified files but otherwise run on production mode thereby getting around the issue with the pins. But that doesn't fix the underlying bug.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/3010#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/3011</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/3011</guid>
        <title>#3011: Recline fixes and updates for CKAN 2.0</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 07 Nov 2012 11:40:55 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>johnglover</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Fixes and updates to Recline / Datapreview for CKAN 2.0.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/3011#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/3014</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/3014</guid>
        <title>#3014: Crash when deleting a non-empty vocabulary</title>
        <pubDate>Tue, 13 Nov 2012 10:50:08 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
From Knud Möller:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
when I try to delete a non-empty tag vocabulary via the API (through HTTP), I get an internal server error. Checking
the logs, this turns out to be a consistency error raised by  sqlalchemy:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Error - &amp;lt;class 'sqlalchemy.exc.&lt;a class="missing wiki"&gt;IntegrityError?&lt;/a&gt;'&amp;gt;: (&lt;a class="missing wiki"&gt;IntegrityError?&lt;/a&gt;) update or delete on table "vocabulary" violates
foreign key constraint "tag_vocabulary_id_fkey" on table "tag"
DETAIL:  Key (id)=(21421955-7560-467c-af30-9f790b73e6ae) is still referenced from table "tag".
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
'DELETE FROM vocabulary WHERE vocabulary.id = %(id)s' {'id': u'21421955-7560-467c-af30-9f790b73e6ae'}
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
URL: &lt;a class="ext-link" href="http://33.33.33.10:5000/api/action/vocabulary_delete"&gt;&lt;span class="icon"&gt;​&lt;/span&gt;http://33.33.33.10:5000/api/action/vocabulary_delete&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
The error makes sense, but I'm wondering if it would be useful to extend the API to also allow the deletion of
non-empty vocabularies, possibly via a parameter (not sure what best practice in API design is). At the very least, it
would be cool if the error message coming back in the response had more information in it.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/3014#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/3016</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/3016</guid>
        <title>#3016: CKAN 2.0 template tweaks</title>
        <pubDate>Tue, 13 Nov 2012 13:30:17 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>johnmartin</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Just a ticket to keep track of a few suggested template changes.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/3016#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/3017</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/3017</guid>
        <title>#3017: New stable branch for the demo server</title>
        <pubDate>Tue, 13 Nov 2012 15:04:48 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>johnglover</dc:creator>

        <description></description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/3017#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/3018</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/3018</guid>
        <title>#3018: Load more in activity streams</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 14 Nov 2012 13:34:11 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>johnmartin</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Activity streams should be able to load more than 15 items within them. Suggest the default amount of loading is around 30 and then click to load more.
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/3018#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/3019</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/3019</guid>
        <title>#3019: Cannot delete dataset extras</title>
        <pubDate>Wed, 14 Nov 2012 18:44:38 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
Deleting extras in the web interface is broken
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/3019#changelog</comments>
    </item><item>
        <link>http://localhost/ticket/3028</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="false">http://localhost/ticket/3028</guid>
        <title>#3028: Feature: dashboard activity stream filtering</title>
        <pubDate>Mon, 10 Dec 2012 12:07:24 GMT</pubDate>
        
        <dc:creator>seanh</dc:creator>

        <description>&lt;p&gt;
&lt;a class="ext-link" href="https://github.com/okfn/ckanext-pdeu/issues/13"&gt;&lt;span class="icon"&gt;​&lt;/span&gt;https://github.com/okfn/ckanext-pdeu/issues/13&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <category>Results</category>
        <comments>http://localhost/ticket/3028#changelog</comments>
    </item>
 </channel>
</rss>